Improving readability and tone by removing superfluous terms (#5160)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/rust/getting-started.md

This page will show you how to get started with OpenTelemetry in Rust.

> You learn how you can instrument a Rust application, in such a way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will learn how to instrument a Rust application, in such a way
```
